_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: archive
permalink: /about/
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
header:
  overlay_image: images/AboutPage/AboutCover.png
  overlay_filter: .05
  caption: "Me standing in front Royce Hall at UCLA"
---

### Education
I graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles with a B.S. in Physics in 2018. My Resume along with me CV can be seen following the links below.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [CV](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ngmEKW1F_8S-kvIDXnwueFP_RaVlzgJP/view?usp=sharing)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [Resume](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GbVvJ3zXH60f_m15ErDrGKgBV9yJWMYY/view?usp=sharing)

### Research
I have done research in dark matter, gravitationally lensed quasars, extraterrestrial life, and meteorites. My current interests are in image processing and artificial intelligence. I hope to enroll in a graduate program in statistics to learn how to devise statistical models.

### Career Goals
I hope to find employment in a company that enables research using statistical modeling and artificial intelligence. Having a technical background in physics, data processing is my bread and butter and I hope to make use of my skills in realms outside of physics.

### Hobbies
I am interested in photography, building skyscraper models out of paper, and food. I am currently working with a friend on launching a food blog which will gather data on various restaurants from our travels and try to extract correlations from the data about restaurants. On the weekends you can probably find me in a cafe somewhere in LA.

Commit message:

Updating the links for resume and cv. Also updated the text in the experiences page.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: archive
permalink: /about/
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
header:
  overlay_image: images/AboutPage/AboutCover.png
  overlay_filter: .05
  caption: "Me standing in front Royce Hall at UCLA"
---

### Education
I graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles with a B.S. in Physics in 2018. My Resume along with me CV can be seen following the links below.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [CV](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15z1S2mY47RDzr2QV1px7h5PsInGAYp_F/view?usp=sharing)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [Resume](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1spzbvKySfRUL8-jRTvnSFNxwzB7i6-u7/view?usp=sharing)

### Research
I have done research in dark matter, gravitationally lensed quasars, extraterrestrial life, and meteorites.

### Career Goals
I am interested in a career in the relm of data science--harnesing the vast amount of data avilable today to solve complex problems and inform decision making in a business. I have experience in natural language processing, but I am also looking for opportunities regarding computer vision. 

### Hobbies
I am interested in photography, building skyscraper models out of paper, and food. I am currently working with a friend on launching a food blog which will gather data on various restaurants from our travels and try to extract correlations from the data about restaurants. On the weekends you can probably find me in a cafe somewhere in LA.
